Update La Marzocco Documentation (#35290)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lamarzocco.markdown

ha_integration_type: device
---

This integration interacts with [La Marzocco](https://lamarzocco.com/it/en/) coffee machines through calls to the La Marzocco cloud API. Optionally, local API calls, which include a WebSocket connection for (near) real-time updates and a Bluetooth connection, can be utilized for local connections.

If your machine is in Bluetooth range to your Home Assistant host and the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is fully loaded, the machine will be discovered automatically.

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

|-------------|-------------| ------------------------| ---------------------- |
| Prebrew/-infusion mode | Whether to use prebrew, preinfusion, or neither | Disabled, Prebrew, Preinfusion | Linea Micra, Linea Mini, GS3 AV |
| Steam level | The level your steam boiler should run at | 1,2,3 | Linea Micra |

> ## Supported devices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported devices

```

Author: Idem

> Currently only devices from the `Home` range are supported. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, only devices from the **"Home"** range are supported:
```

> That means
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- Linea Mini
- Linea Mini R
- Linea Micra
- GS3 AV
- GS3 MP

> ## Possible use-cases
> - Control your machine through voice, allowing you to change boiler temperatures quickly without opening the app.
> - Control your smart coffee scales (tare/timer start) when a brew starts.
> - Turn on lights next to the machine while a brew is running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Possible use-cases

- Control your machine through voice, allowing you to change boiler temperatures quickly without opening the app.
- Control your smart coffee scales (tare/timer start) when a brew starts.
- Turn on lights next to the machine while a brew is running.
```

> ## Known Limitations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Known Limitations

```

Author: I don't see the difference (neither doe GitHub because I can't commit the change)

Author: Ah newline

> - Only La Marzocco native app accounts are supported, social logins (Google, Apple & WeChat) are not supported
> - Currently it is only possible to view the schedules configured in the La Marzocco Home app, but not to edit the schedules from Home Assistant. You can of course build Home Assistant native automations to reflect the same functionality in Home Assistant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Only La Marzocco native app accounts are supported, social logins (Google, Apple & WeChat) are not supported
- Currently it is only possible to view the schedules configured in the La Marzocco Home app, but not to edit the schedules from Home Assistant. You can, of course, build Home Assistant native automations to reflect the same functionality in Home Assistant.
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

```

Reviewer 2: @c0ffeeca7 Did we already settle on a standardized name for this section?

Reviewer: yes, troubleshooting it is :tada:

**Problem: Connection to machine is not possible**

> Check the La Marzocco Home app if you are able to connect to your machine there. Remove the machine and add it again (follow instructions in La Marzocco App). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the La Marzocco Home app to see if you can connect to your machine there. If not, remove the machine and add it again (follow the instructions in the La Marzocco App).
```

**Real time updates are not available**

> Check the La Marzocco Home app if your machine is connected to the WiFi. Ensure Home Assistant can reach the machine. Ensure you configured the host option in the integration's options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the La Marzocco Home app to see if your machine is connected to Wi-Fi. Ensure Home Assistant can reach the machine. Ensure you configured the host option in the integration options.
```
